# ⚠️ Problem Statement

One of our group members shared a personal story:

Her mother, who has asthma, experiences severe discomfort when staying in cities
with poor air quality. Even short visits can mean weeks of relying on
medications, constant coughing, and the simple wish to breathe without pain.
For her and millions with similar and different health conditions, clean air
isn’t just a preference—it’s a necessity. But how feasible is it to find cities
where the air is truly safe for vulnerable individuals?

This personal story reflects a broader public health challenge. Air pollution is
one of the leading environmental threats to human health, contributing to an
estimated 7 million premature deaths annually due to its links with
cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, stroke, and lung cancer
(WHO, 2023; GBD, 2024).

This project seeks to answer the following research question:

_To what extent have ambient PM₂.₅ concentrations (2010–2019) influenced the
burden of cardiovascular and respiratory diseases across countries with varying
socio-demographic development levels, and how might this long-term exposure
relate to COVID-19 mortality outcomes?_

In this project, we study how long-term air pollution—especially PM2.5—affects
respiratory and cardiovascular health outcomes across 25 diverse countries
representing different regions and development levels. Using country-level PM2.5
concentration data alongside the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) respiratory and
cardiovascular disease burden data, we analyze trends over the past decade to
understand how prolonged exposure influences health.

Our approach also considers lag effects of pollution exposure, socioeconomic
factors measured by the Socio-demographic Index (SDI), and potential links
between pollution levels and COVID-19 mortality rates. By identifying patterns
across countries, this study aims to generate clear, actionable insights to
support more targeted and effective public health policies focused on reducing
pollution-related health risks globally.
