# Meeting 7 â€“ Minutes  

**Date:** 16 June 2025  
**Attendees:** 5 out of 6 members present

## Topics Discussed

- The team briefly reviewed the deliverables and finalized the remaining tasks to
  be completed before the deadline, as outlined in Meeting 6.

- We agreed to include **2024** as a timeframe in our research question. While the
  original framing met the **FRESCO** criteria, it did not fully satisfy the
  **BICOT** criteria, as pointed out by Falaq.

- The decision on selecting a secondary research question was postponed.

- To ensure balanced contributions, we discussed workload distribution and agreed
  that no single member should be overloaded. As part of this, the **problem
  statement** was assigned to Hussaini.

- The group name **Atomsfear** was chosen based on the results of a poll conducted
  on Slack.

- Obay will add the Git tag after pushing the final **retrospectives** file.

- The plan to merge with Group 2 will not move forward, as no response has been
  received on the **#climate** channel.
